[Music]
in a hot pan sweat shredded leeks along
with a knob of butter and season next
great Powerball potatoes and Greer a
hard Swiss cheese with a great nutty
flavor
then combined with a soft release in a
pan heat oil and a little butter spoon
in the potato leek and cheese mix cook
gently until golden and crisp underneath
then slide onto a plate flip over and
return to the pan to finish cooking
[Music]
finally for the perfect topping fry two
eggs and place them on top of the Rasta
top with fresh tarragon
[Music]
leaking kriya rusty with fried eggs are
simple but substantial dish that makes
the most of hearty root veg
[Music]